# aplication配置说明

## 1. en

key | Default Value | Description
----|---------------|------------
spring.rabbitmq.host | localhost | RabbitMQ host. Ignored if an address is set.
spring.rabbitmq.port |  | RabbitMQ port. Ignored if an address is set. Default to 5672, or 5671 if SSL is enabled.
spring.rabbitmq.username | guest | Login user to authenticate to the broker.
spring.rabbitmq.password | guest | Login to authenticate against the broker.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.enabled |  | Whether to enable SSL support. Determined automatically if an address is provided with the protocol (amqp:// vs. amqps://).
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store |  | Path to the key store that holds the SSL certificate.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store-type | PKCS12 | Key store type.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store-password |  | Password used to access the key store.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store |  | Trust store that holds SSL certificates.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store-type | JKS | Trust store type.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store-password |  | Password used to access the trust store.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.algorithm |  | SSL algorithm to use. By default, configured by the Rabbit client library.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.validate-server-certificate | true | Whether to enable server side certificate validation.
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.verify-hostname | true | Whether to enable hostname verification.
spring.rabbitmq.virtual-host |  | Virtual host to use when connecting to the broker.
spring.rabbitmq.addresses |  | Comma-separated list of addresses to which the client should connect. When set, the host and port are ignored.
spring.rabbitmq.requested-heartbeat |  | Requested heartbeat timeout; zero for none. If a duration suffix is not specified, seconds will be used.
spring.rabbitmq.requested-channel-max | 2047 | Number of channels per connection requested by the client. Use 0 for unlimited.
spring.rabbitmq.publisher-returns | false | Whether to enable publisher returns.
spring.rabbitmq.publisher-confirm-type |  | Type of publisher confirms to use.
spring.rabbitmq.connection-timeout |  | Connection timeout. Set it to zero to wait forever.
spring.rabbitmq.cache.channel.size |  | Number of channels to retain in the cache. When "check-timeout" > 0, max channels per connection.
spring.rabbitmq.cache.channel.checkout-timeout |  | Duration to wait to obtain a channel if the cache size has been reached. If 0, always create a new channel.
spring.rabbitmq.cache.connection.mode | channel | Connection factory cache mode.
spring.rabbitmq.cache.connection.size |  | Number of connections to cache. Only applies when mode is CONNECTION.
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.enabled | false | Whether publishing retries are enabled.
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.max-attempts | 3 | Maximum number of attempts to deliver a message.
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.initial-interval | 1000ms | Duration between the first and second attempt to deliver a message.
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.multiplier | 1.0 | Multiplier to apply to the previous retry interval.
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.max-interval | 10000ms | Maximum duration between attempts.
spring.rabbitmq.template.mandatory |  | Whether to enable mandatory messages.
spring.rabbitmq.template.receive-timeout |  | Timeout for `receive()` operations.
spring.rabbitmq.template.reply-timeout |  | Timeout for `sendAndReceive()` operations.
spring.rabbitmq.template.exchange |  | Name of the default exchange to use for send operations.
spring.rabbitmq.template.routing-key |  | Value of a default routing key to use for send operations.
spring.rabbitmq.template.default-receive-queue |  | Name of the default queue to receive messages from when none is specified explicitly.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.type | simple | Listener container type.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.auto-startup | true | Whether to start the container automatically on startup.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.acknowledge-mode |  | Acknowledge mode of container.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.prefetch |  | Maximum number of unacknowledged messages that can be outstanding at each consumer.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.default-requeue-rejected |  | Whether rejected deliveries are re-queued by default.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.idle-event-interval |  | How often idle container events should be published.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.enabled | false | Whether publishing retries are enabled.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.max-attempts | 3 | Maximum number of attempts to deliver a message.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.initial-interval | 1000ms | Duration between the first and second attempt to deliver a message.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.multiplier | 1.0 | Multiplier to apply to the previous retry interval.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.max-interval | 10000ms | Maximum duration between attempts.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.stateless | true | Whether retries are stateless or stateful.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.concurrency |  | Minimum number of listener invoker threads.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.max-concurrency |  | Maximum number of listener invoker threads.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.batch-size |  | Batch size, expressed as the number of physical messages, to be used by the container.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.missing-queues-fatal | true | Whether to fail if the queues declared by the container are not available on the broker and/or whether to stop the container if one or more queues are deleted at runtime.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.auto-startup | true | Whether to start the container automatically on startup.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.acknowledge-mode |  | Acknowledge mode of container.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.prefetch |  | Maximum number of unacknowledged messages that can be outstanding at each consumer.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.default-requeue-rejected |  | Whether rejected deliveries are re-queued by default.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.idle-event-interval |  | How often idle container events should be published.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.enabled | false | Whether publishing retries are enabled.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.max-attempts | 3 | Maximum number of attempts to deliver a message.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.initial-interval | 1000ms | Duration between the first and second attempt to deliver a message.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.multiplier | 1.0 | Multiplier to apply to the previous retry interval.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.max-interval | 10000ms | Maximum duration between attempts.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.stateless | true | Whether retries are stateless or stateful.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.consumers-per-queue |  | Number of consumers per queue.
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.missing-queues-fatal | false | Whether to fail if the queues declared by the container are not available on the broker.
spring.rabbitmq.dynamic | true | Whether to create an AmqpAdmin bean.
